# How to ensure the quality of a software system
## Xiaobin Fang 13126067

Software quality is an extremely important issue throughout the lifetime of the software, a variety of techniques to develop and validate methods for the ultimate expression of the software development process being used. So pay special attention to the quality assurance in the lifetime of the software to produce high-quality software products.

Software Quality Assurance's goal is to develop an acceptable software products. Here the so-called "acceptable" should be acceptable for users to understand the meaning, or that users should be made ​​to achieve quality requirements. So naturally the task of software quality assurance is to ensure software quality.

Software quality assurance is to improve the prevention, detection and improved to ensure software quality, software life cycle management, and verification software meets the required quality and user needs.

Software Quality Assurance is constituted by the various tasks, participants in these tasks are two kinds of people: Software developers and software quality assurance personnel. The former is responsible for the technical work program, which is responsible for quality assurance, monitoring, recording, analysis and reporting. Software developers through the use of reliable technical methods and measures, conduct formal technical review, well-planned implementation of software testing to ensure the quality of software products. Software quality assurance personnel will assist software development teams get quality final product. Therefore, software developers and software quality assurance personnel are to ensure that an important part of software quality.

Software Quality Assurance The main contents include: Security System, prompting process improvement, guide project implementation, evaluation of project activities, audit products to help solve the problem, and provide decision-making reference for defect prevention. 

Currently our software quality assurance system is disorganized and sometimes chaotic, almost no rules and procedures defined process. Totally dependent on individual software assurance efforts and outstanding professionals, depending on the extraordinary and outstanding management personnel effective software developers. Specific performance and results are derived from or dependent on the ability of individuals and their previous experience, knowledge, and their degree of initiative and enthusiasm. Once the crisis experienced software quality process to abandon the original plan, repeated coding and testing. This is very dangerous, directly impede effective software quality assurance. In order to ensure software quality, we need to be organized with a purpose of software quality assurance.

Goal of software testing is to ensure that the test plan created to meet the requirements of all system specification; ensure that the software has been tested and reworked consistent with the specification. Software testing is an important activity in software quality assurance indispensable, software testing and software quality assurance software quality engineering work in two different levels. Software testing is the process of developing a software product to analyze, identify problems arise when the software is running, recording error data, so as to ensure software quality. Software testing can be said to be the most critical measure of software quality assurance. Establishment of an independent software testing, choose a good testing program, not only can effectively control the risk of software, improve software quality, and can effectively reduce the cost of quality software.

Software maintenance goal is to ensure that change control process has been established for testing, including the changes integrated into the software product release process; ensure that changes to the code to follow coding standards, and to review them, do not undermine the entire structure of the code . Inevitably arise during the operation of the software problems, which can not be attributed solely to software quality, software quality assurance maintenance is one of the measures. In order to ensure software quality, we need to maintain the software and found inadequate during maintenance, and constantly improve the software.

Software quality metrics can be delivered on time to the user, the cost does not exceed the cost of the budget, but the most important thing is to ensure that the software can run properly, so the software quality assurance is particularly important